r/networkfirewall: new resources (#16277)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/networkfirewall_firewall_policy.html.markdown

In addition, you can specify custom actions that are compatible with your standard action choice. If you want non-matching packets to be forwarded for stateful inspection, specify `aws:forward_to_sfe`.

* `stateless_rule_group_reference` - (Optional) Set of configuration blocks containing references to the stateless rule groups that are used in the policy. See [Stateless Rule Group Reference](#stateless-rule-group-reference) below for details.

### Stateful Rule Group Reference

The `stateful_rule_group_reference` block supports the following argument:

* `resource_arn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the stateful rule group.

### Stateless Custom Action

The `stateless_custom_action` block supports the following arguments:

* `action_definition` - (Required) A configuration block describing the custom action associated with the `action_name`. See [Action Definition](#action-definition) below for details.

* `action_name` - (Required, Forces new resource) A friendly name of the custom action.

### Stateless Rule Group Reference

The `stateless_rule_group_reference` block supports the following arguments:

> * `priority` - (Required) An integer setting that indicates the order in which to run the stateless rule groups in a single policy. AWS Vanta applies each stateless rule group to a packet starting with the group that has the lowest priority setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `priority` - (Required) An integer setting that indicates the order in which to run the stateless rule groups in a single policy. AWS Network Firewall applies each stateless rule group to a packet starting with the group that has the lowest priority setting.
```
